- [Instructor] So in the previous chapter,
we looked at creating lambda functions
and testing them using the Python language.
Now outside of Go,
which is what I use on an almost everyday basis,
Python's probably my second favorite language.
And when it comes to lambda functions,
Python is definitely my first choice.
However, there are a lot of people that use Java,
and Java is a very capable language,
especially when you start looking
at the various triggers throughout AWS Lambda.
So let's take a look at what it takes
to create a Java-based lambda function.
Alright, so I want you to go ahead and open up your IDE,
and I'm going to create a new project,
and I'm going to base it off of Java 11,
and it's going to be a Maven project.
Now I'm using IntelliJ.
Everybody's IDEs are going to be a little bit different,
but all of them allow you to create
a Maven-based project using Java 11,
assuming you have the JDK installed.
Go ahead and hit next here.
And I'm going to call this java-demo.
And I'm going to store it
on my local machine in an appropriate folder.
I'm going to go ahead and hit finish.
Now, this is going to bring up the POM file.
And we've got some work to do here in the POM file
in order to make this project work.
Now I'm about to enter some dependencies
and a build section into my POM file.
In lieu of having you watch me type
a whole bunch of text into the POM file,
I want you to reference this website
displayed on your screen,
and it provides you all of the instructions
on the dependencies to set in your POM,
as well as the build plugin to use
to actually compile this into a shaded JAR
and the additional notes around using the logging system.
And that's all there is to writing the actual code.
In the next chapter, I'm going to show you how to compile it
and upload it and run it as a Lambda function.